[docs] Modularize Imports for Nextjs (#35457)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/material/guides/minimizing-bundle-size/minimizing-bundle-size.md

  }
```

> If you are using Nextjs >= v12.1.1, you can make use of their [Modularize Imports](https://nextjs.org/docs/advanced-features/compiler#modularize-imports) without `.babelrc` configuration, so that you can still use [SWC](https://nextjs.org/docs/advanced-features/compiler#why-swc).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using Next.js >= v12.1.1, you can make use of their [Modularize Imports](https://nextjs.org/docs/advanced-features/compiler#modularize-imports) feature. This does not require adding Babel configuration, so you can still use [SWC](https://nextjs.org/docs/advanced-features/compiler#why-swc) if you prefer.
```

  }
```

> If you are using Next.js >= v12.1.1, you can make use of their [Modularize Imports](https://nextjs.org/docs/advanced-features/compiler#modularize-imports) feature.

Reviewer 2: This section of the docs starts to be quite long. I think that it could be good to change the headers to help navigate the content.

This does not require adding Babel configuration, so you can still use [SWC](https://nextjs.org/docs/advanced-features/compiler#why-swc) if you prefer.

Create a `next.config.js` file in the root directory:

```js
/* next.config.js */
/** @type {import('next').NextConfig} */
const nextConfig = {
  ...

>   experimental: {

Reviewer 2: It doesn't seems to be under `experimental` in https://nextjs.org/docs/advanced-features/compiler#modularize-imports

Reviewer 3: It's recently [promoted](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/pull/44240)

    modularizeImports: {
      '@mui/material': {
        transform: '@mui/material/{{member}}'

>       },

Reviewer 2: I wouldn't do this, this is probably overkill.
